Add documentation on copying a project with OneDrive file storage set up (#15329)
opf/openproject: docs/user-guide/file-management/file-management-faq/README.md

## Can I rename a project with an established file storage (Nextcloud or OneDrive/SharePoint) connection?
Yes, that is possible. If you work with automatically managed folders, the corresponding project folder will also be renamed automatically after a few minutes.

## Can I copy a project, including the OneDrive/SharePoint file storage?

> Yes, you can, but only if the OneDrive/SharePoint file storage in your project had the automatically managed folders selected during the set-up. Read more about copying projects [here](../../projects/#copy-a-project).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, you can. If the OneDrive/SharePoint file storage in your project had the automatically managed folders selected during the set-up, the folder with all files will be copied. If the file storage was added with manual managed folders, the new copy of the project will have the same file storage setup and reference the original folder without copying it. Read more about copying projects [here](../../projects/#copy-a-project).
```
